Keysight Technologies is a leading provider of 5G test solutions for mobile network operators (MNOs) who want to deliver on the promise of 5G and capitalize on new business opportunities. Keysight’s portfolio of Network Emulation Solutions (NES) enables MNOs to conduct reliable device conformance testing across protocol, radio frequency (RF), and radio resource management (RRM) domains, covering both Frequency Range 1 (FR1) and Frequency Range 2 (FR2). Keysight’s NES are built on the E7515B UXM 5G Wireless Test Platform, a highly integrated signaling test platform that supports multiple 5G deployment modes, including standalone (SA) and non-standalone (NSA). Keysight’s NES also include the S8701A Protocol R&D Toolset, the S8704A Protocol Conformance Toolset, and the S8705A RF/RRM DVT & Conformance Toolset, which provide comprehensive tools for prototyping, verifying, and validating 5G devices against industry standards and regulatory requirements. Keysight’s NES are complemented by other hardware components, such as the E7770A Common Interface Unit, the M1740A mmWave Transceiver for 5G, and the compact antenna test range (CATR) over-the-air (OTA) chamber, which provide an environment to execute tests in FR1 and FR2. Keysight has partnered early with standards-setting industry leaders and contributed to the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP), helping define 5G specifications and test cases. Keysight also has decades of experience in mmWave technology from aerospace and defense applications. Keysight’s expertise, roadmap, and collaboration have helped a major MNO become an early leader in 5G, achieving more than 1 million 5G mobile subscribers within five months of launching its 5G services commercially. Keysight’s solutions can help MNOs launch focused 5G services in areas such as smart factories, smart media, virtual reality, and augmented reality. For more information on Keysight’s 5G solutions for MNOs, please visit www.keysight.com/find/5G or www.keysight.com/find/NES.